Add link to the datasets (#116)
ASUS-AICS/LibMultiLabel: docs/cli/data_format.rst

:ref:`libmultilabel-format`. For linear methods,
both :ref:`libmultilabel-format` and
:ref:`libsvm-format` are accepted.

> The formatted datasets, RCV1 and EUR-LEX-57K, can be downloaded from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More sample sets in these formats can be downloaded from the
```
